Update sql-server-extended-security-updates.md (#7986)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/sql-server/end-of-support/sql-server-extended-security-updates.md

If you migrate your workloads to an Azure service (see the [Overview](#overview) for more information), you'll have access to ESUs for [!INCLUDE[ssSQL11](../../includes/sssql11-md.md)] for up to three years after the End of Support, at **no additional charges** above the cost of running the Azure service. You don't need Software Assurance to receive ESUs in Azure.

> Azure services running [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] will receive ESUs automatically through existing [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] update channels or Windows Update. Installation of IaaS extension is not needed to download SQL ESU Patches on Azure SQL VM's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure services running [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] will receive ESUs automatically through existing [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)] update channels or Windows Update. You don't need to install the SQL Server IaaS Agent extension to download ESU patches on an Azure SQL Virtual Machine.
```
